Update the game over message (#1)
Heacatew/skills-review-pull-requests: README.md

</header>

<!--
  <<< Author notes: Step 3 >>>
  Start this step by acknowledging the previous step.
  Define terms and link to docs.github.com.
  Historic note: this step combines the commend, approve, and needs changes steps from the previous version.
-->

## Step 3: Leave a review

_You assigned yourself! :tada:_

Pull request reviews ensure quality and maintain momentum of changes to your project.

#### When reviewing a pull request:

> 1. Review the _title_ and _body_ of the pull request, and possibly any associated issue, to understand the intended change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Review the _title_ and _body_ of the pull request, and possibly any associated issue,YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
```
